Manual for the combine command:

[-c] [--combine      [rank_file fp_file out_file mode amount (optionals:threshold)]]

This command is used to create combination files, the standard
combination file contains information about the used compounds
for the combination process, the used fingerprint type and the
byte representation of the combined fingerprint with the length
of this byte representation. Additionally a statistics file 
will be created, containing information about the used compounds
and the rate of how many times particular bits are set in the
list of used compounds. Finally a bar chart will be created 
visualizing the data found in the statistics file. 


Input Arguments:


rank_file: The rank_file argument should be a file path relative to the 
	   program, representing the file that contains the data, that
	   should be used. The file needs to be of the same form as the
	   ones generated by the ranks command.


fp_file: The fp_file argument should be a file path relative to the 
	 program, representing the file that contains the data, that
	 should be used. The file needs to be of the same form as the
	 ones generated by the fingerprints command. Moreover this file
	 needs to include the compounds found in the ranks file. 
	 It would be optimal if the fp_file is the file, with which
	 the distances and after that the rank_file was created. 


out_file: The out_file argument should be a file path relative to the
	  program, representing the file that should be created and 
	  written to to create the output. The given name will be used
	  for the standard combine file, the other files that will be
	  generated will have the added suffix '_statistics'.

Example format standard out_file:

	Information about the combination process:

	Used compounds:
	rank compound_1
	rank compound_2

	Fingerprint Type:
	fp_type

	Fingerprint byte representation with according length:
	60 byte_object

Example format statistics out_file:

	Used compounds:

	compound_1
	compound_2

	Information about how many times particular bits are set:

	Bit0 0.0
	Bit1 0.5
	Bit2 1


mode: This argument is used to specify what compounds should be used 
	for the combined fingerprint. The top k compounds of the ranks
	file, or the k-nearest compounds to the top ranking compound
	can be used. Use "top" for the top ranking ones and "nearest" 
	for the k-nearest compounds. The amount k of used compounds can
	be set via the amount argument.  


amount: Number of compounds that should be used for the combined fingerprint.

threshold: Optional argument, determines the rate at which a bit has to be 
	set in the chosen compounds to be set in the combined fingerprint.
	Default value is set to 0.5


Example console inputs to run the command:

main.py -c ranks.asc fingerprints.asc combine.asc top 3
main.py -c ranks.asc fingerprints.asc combine.asc nearest 5
main.py -c ranks.asc fingerprints.asc combine.asc nearest 5 0.9
